warm
You only need to sleep alone for one night in the eyes of obedience
Your mother's medical bills will be covered
I am warm
A servant bought by the Meng family
She is also the substitute for Lady Meng, the eldest lady of the Meng family
This scam
Just because he is not a virgin
And I'm like Cinderella.
She was only a princess for one night
I will be responsible for you.
Miss
Why so long?
Miss, the money you promised me
Warm
If it weren't for the fact that you look seven points similar to me
word
Did you think it would be your turn tonight?
Remember that.
This thing is rotten to my stomach
Otherwise, I will never let you go
Next time you see me, put on the mask.
It's disgusting to see you like this
Caring about you is just a stand-in
This dream should wake up